I'm totally alright
this is a video I'm taking to show you
guys how my dog Charlie walks not to
worry about the front the back legs just
take a good son Charlie Charlie and you
got sore spots and flies messing with
them and from I don't know what the bed
says it's probably because of his legs
being weak Charlie come on come boy come
boy Charlie come on look I wish and then
good boy come on Charlie
you kind of look at me oh now you're
moving good boy good boy
Oh charlie see ya boy anyway yeah this
guy is lazy
settin it out a bit
I'll try to come back
all right
now that was an experiment I know you
know what a normal dog you lift up his
front legs and play come along they
normally would be able to move but I
bought Charlie here he's getting a lot
better at that
he never even attempted to me oh that's
a good sign
but you can see
should be better it's like jelly
give me some advice on these shores what
I could do for flies
oh come on Charlie we going ah give them
a lot of you are you going to my GP ah
I'll be knock man buncha